Use dune_enable_all_packages to export dumux-precice as module library (#27)
precice/dumux-adapter: doc/user/docs/installation.md

    git clone -b develop git@github.com:precice/dumux-adapter.git
    ```

3. Verify that the `dumux-adapter` folder is in the same directory as the DUNE module folders and the `dumux` folder.

4. Build and configure the adapter using `dunecontrol`. While being in the directory mentioned in the previous step via calling

    ```text
    dune-common/bin/dunecontrol --only=dumux-precice all
    ```

    After the build and configure step a new directory `build-cmake` was created inside the `dumux-precice` directory.

    You can configure the build and configuration process using advanced options by manipulating CMake variables. `dunecontrol` allows to pass an options file for that

    ```bash
    dune-common/bin/dunecontrol --opts=OPTSFILE.opts --only=dumux-precice all
    ```

    There is an `opts`-file provided by the adapter that resides in `test/`. You can use it as

    ```bash
    dune-common/bin/dunecontrol --opts=dumux-adapter/test/cmake-test.opts --only=dumux-precice all
    ```

    This provided `cmake-test.opts` file turns off some system-dependent optimizations such that the tests create comparable results on different computers.

>     To use the adapter in a separate DUNE module it may be desired to build a dynamic version of the adapter's library. To do so, use the CMake option `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON` to build the adapter and upstream modules. The DuMux installscript uses `dumux/cmake.opts`, which already sets this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use the adapter in a separate DUNE module, we recommend building the adapter as a shared library. To do so, use the CMake option `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON` to build the adapter and upstream modules. The DuMux install script uses `dumux/cmake.opts`, which already sets this option.
```
